SHORT VERSION:

You CAN use the included code to build a working programming
language and sell it or open source it within the limits of the
license you purchase. You CANNOT redistribute the included code
solely as a starting point for creating a programming language.

LONG VERSION:

By purchasing, installing, or otherwise using the enclosed
product, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this
License Agreement.

IMPORTANT – READ CAREFULLY: This license agreement (“LICENSE”) is
a legal agreement between you (either an individual or a single
entity, also referred to as "LICENSEE", "YOU") and Marc-Andre
Cournoyer, for the software containing this LICENSE which may also
include the software’s source code written in a high-level
computer language, associated media, printed materials, and
"online" or electronic documentation (collectively referred to as
“SOFTWARE”).

Any earlier license we may have granted to you for the use of
earlier versions of the SOFTWARE is replaced by this LICENSE.

SOFTWARE PRODUCT LICENSE

The SOFTWARE is protected by copyright laws and international
copyright treaties, as well as other intellectual property laws
and treaties and contains confidential information and trade
secrets. Marc-Andre Cournoyer retains all rights not expressly
granted to you in this LICENSE.

I. GRANT OF LICENSE

Marc-Andre Cournoyer hereby grants to you, and you accept, a
non-exclusive, non-transferable license to install, copy, use and
modify the SOFTWARE only as authorized below.

This license grants to the right to use this SOFTWARE for personal
use. You cannot redistribute this SOFTWARE unless you purchased
the appropriate license (PRO).

All product licenses are perpetual and royalty-free.

1. PERSONAL LICENSE

You are granted a license to use the SOFTWARE for personal use.
You may not redistribute the SOFTWARE in any form.

2. PRO LICENSE

You are granted a license to use the SOFTWARE as the basis of one
programming language can you can freely redistribute or open
source. You use the license you want unless it grants the right to
redistribute the code solely as a starting point for creating a
programming language.

REDISTRIBUTION RIGHTS

You may distribute the SOFTWARE provided that:

You reasonably ensure that the SOFTWARE is not distributed in any
form that allows it to be reused by any application other than as
a fully working programming language.

SOURCE CODE

Marc-Andre Cournoyer DOES NOT provide technical support for
modified source code. The SOFTWARE’s source code is provided as
is. In the event you develop any troubleshooting-related
modifications of the SOFTWARE, either independently or jointly
with Marc-Andre Cournoyer, such modifications and all rights
associated therewith will be the exclusive property of Marc-Andre
Cournoyer. You are granted the right to use such modifications as
set forth in this agreement. You acknowledge that the SOFTWARE’s
source code contains valuable and proprietary trade secrets of
Marc-Andre Cournoyer. All individuals employed by or belonging to
your entity
agree to expend every effort to insure its confidentiality. You
agree to assume full responsibility for such employees’ or
contractors’ use, or misuse, of such disclosed source code as if
it was your use. These obligations shall not apply to any
information generally available to the public, independently
developed or obtained without reliance on Marc-Andre Cournoyer
information, or approved in writing for release by Marc-Andre
Cournoyer without restriction.

II. OTHER RIGHTS AND LIMITATIONS

At no time may the SOFTWARE be used for development purposes by
other individuals than the licensed developer(s). The SOFTWARE may
not be distributed for use with solutions or PACKAGED PRODUCTS
other than those developed by you. The SOFTWARE may not be
distributed as part of products that have the same or
substantially the same primary functionality. You are not allowed
to resell, transfer, rent, lease, or sublicense the SOFTWARE and
your associated rights. Under no circumstances shall you grant
further redistribution rights to the end-users of your solution.
You may not use the Marc-Andre Cournoyer product names, logos or
trademarks to market YOUR SOFTWARE. You are not allowed to use,
copy, modify, or merge copies of the SOFTWARE and any accompanying
documents except as permitted in this LICENSE. You agree to
indemnify, hold harmless, and defend Marc-Andre Cournoyer and its
resellers from and against any and all claims or lawsuits
including attorney's fees that arise or result from the use or
distribution of YOUR SOFTWARE

III. DELIVERY

Marc-Andre Cournoyer shall deliver to LICENSEE a master copy of
the SOFTWARE licensed hereunder in electronic files only.
Documentation shall also be provided in electronic format.

IV. UPGRADES

You are eligible for free minor upgrades (e.g. v.1.5 to v.1.8),
patches, and bug-fixes for the SOFTWARE, including source code.
SOFTWARE labeled as an upgrade replaces and/or supplements (and
may disable) the product that formed the basis for your
eligibility for the upgrade. You may use the resulting upgraded
product only in accordance with the terms of this LICENSE.

You are entitled to receive all version updates for the SOFTWARE
period of 1 (one) year.

V. TERMINATION

This LICENSE shall last as long as you use the SOFTWARE in
compliance with this LICENSE. Marc-Andre Cournoyer may terminate
this LICENSE ifyou fail to comply with any of the terms and
conditions herein. In such event you agree to remove and destroy
all copies of the SOFTWARE and any applicable source code.

Marc-Andre Cournoyer reserves the right to discontinue at any time
any product, shall it be offered individually or as a part of a
product SUITE. However, Marc-Andre Cournoyer is obligated to 
provide the proper level of support for all discontinued products 
for a period of 1 (one) year after the date of discontinuance.

VI. COPYRIGHT

All title and copyrights in and to the SOFTWARE, the accompanying
printed materials, and any copies of the SOFTWARE, and any
trademarks or service marks of Marc-Andre Cournoyer are owned by 
Marc-Andre Cournoyer. All title and intellectual property rights 
in and to the content that may be accessed through use of the 
SOFTWARE is the property of the respective content owner and may 
be protected by applicable copyright or other intellectual 
property laws and treaties. This LICENSE grants you no rights to 
use such content.

VII. LIMITED WARRANTY

Marc-Andre Cournoyer warrants solely that the SOFTWARE will
perform substantially in accordance with the accompanying written
materials for a period of ninety (90) days. Marc-Andre Cournoyer
does not warrant the use of the SOFTWARE will be uninterrupted or
error free at all times and in all circumstances, nor that program
errors will be corrected. This limited warranty shall not apply to
any error or failure resulting from (i) machine error, (ii)
LICENSEE's failure to follow operating instructions, (iii) 
negligence or accident, or (iv) modifications to the SOFTWARE by 
any person or entity other than Marc-Andre Cournoyer. In the event
of a breach of warranty, LICENSEE's sole and exclusive remedy, is
repair of all or any portion of the SOFTWARE.
If such remedy fails of its essential purpose, LICENSEE's sole
remedy and Marc-Andre Cournoyer's maximum liability shall be a
refund of the paid purchase price for the defective SOFTWARE only.
This limited warranty is only valid if Marc-Andre Cournoyer
receives written notice of breach of warranty within thirty days
after the warranty period expires.

VIII. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT
WILL Marc-Andre Cournoyer BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL,
INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF OR
INABILITY TO USE THE PRODUCT, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION,
DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF GOODWILL, WORK STOPPAGE, COMPUTER FAILURE OR
MALFUNCTION, OR ANY AND ALL OTHER COMMERCIAL DAMAGES OR LOSSES,
EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF, AND REGARDLESS OF THE
LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY (CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE) UPON WHICH
THE CLAIM IS BASED. IN ANY CASE, Marc-Andre Cournoyer'S ENTIRE
LIABILITY UNDER ANY PROVISION OF THIS AGREEMENT SHALL NOT EXCEED
IN THE AGGREGATE THE SUM OF THE LICENSE FEES LICENSEE PAID TO
Marc-Andre Cournoyer FOR THE PRODUCT GIVING RISE TO SUCH DAMAGES,
NOTWITHSTANDING ANY FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED
REMEDY. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION
OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THIS
EXCLUSION AND LIMITATION MAY NOT BE APPLICABLE. Marc-Andre
Cournoyer IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF
CONTENT PROVIDED BY LICENSEE OR A THIRD PARTY THAT IS ACCESSED
THROUGH THE PRODUCT AND/OR ANY MATERIAL LINKED THROUGH SUCH
CONTENT. ANY DATA INCLUDED IN A PRODUCT UPON SHIPMENT FROM
Marc-Andre Cournoyer IS FOR TESTING USE ONLY AND Marc-Andre
Cournoyer HEREBY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL LIABILITY ARISING
THEREFROM.
THE EXTENT OF Marc-Andre Cournoyer'S LIABILITY FOR THE LIMITED
WARRANTY SECTION SHALL BE AS SET FORTH THEREIN.

IX. MISCELLANEOUS

This License will be governed by the law of the State of
Washington, U.S.A. If any provision of this LICENSE is to be held
unenforceable, such holding will not affect the validity of the
other provisions hereof. Failure of a party to enforce any
provision of this LICENSE shall not constitute or be construed as
a waiver of such provision or of the right to enforce such
provision. This License represents the entire understanding
between the parties with respect to its subject matter.

YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ THIS AGREEMENT, THAT YOU
UNDERSTAND THIS AGREEMENT, AND UNDERSTAND THAT BY CONTINUING THE
INSTALLATION OF THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT, BY LOADING OR RUNNING THE
SOFTWARE PRODUCT, OR BY PLACING OR COPYING THE SOFTWARE ONTO YOUR
COMPUTER HARD DRIVE, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS AGREEMENT'S
TERMS AND CONDITIONS. YOU FURTHER AGREE THAT, EXCEPT FOR WRITTEN
SEPARATE AGREEMENTS BETWEEN Marc-Andre Cournoyer AND YOU, THIS
AGREEMENT IS A COMPLETE AND EXCLUSIVE STATEMENT OF THE RIGHTS AND
LIABILITIES OF THE PARTIES.